Chore/add more images (#3575)
plentymarkets/plugin-ceres: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

### New

- For the "Sorting" and "Articles per page" buttons on article category pages, `aria-labels` have been added to improve accessibility. They can be customised via the **CMS » Multilingualism** menu. We would like to thank @MaxBentz for his contribution.

> - The meta tag for thumbnails is now set equivalent to og:image on the article detail page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The meta tag `thumbnail` is now set equivalent to the meta tag `og:image` on the single item page.
```
